Terms and Conditions of Use


-------

GTKRadiant contains software developed by Id Software, Loki Software and third 
party contributors.

All portions of GTKRadiant which are licensed by Id Software are subject to the 
terms of its LIMITED USE SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT, a copy of which is included 
with GTKRadiant. If you did not receive a LIMITED USE SOFTWARE LICENSE 
AGREEMENT, please contact Id Software immediately at info@idsoftware.com.

All portions of GTKRadiant which have been developed by Loki Software and/or 
third party contributors are licensed under the terms set forth below.

-------

Copyright (c) 1999-2000, Loki Software, Inc. 
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, 
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list 
of conditions and the following disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this 
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or 
other materials provided with the distribution.

Neither the name of Loki Software nor the names of its contributors may be used 
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior 
written permission. No license is hereby granted to any trademarks, tradenames 
or logos.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY LOKI AND THE CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS." ANY AND ALL 
WARRANTUES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
NONINFRENGEMENT ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL LOKI OR THE 
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PROCUREMENT OF 
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING 
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-------
